<!-- TITLE: Stadwin -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: Jason's character. -->

# Description
## Appearance
Stadwin is about 5’10. Average build in terms of size (probably somewhere in between Dalton and Roland), but solid and clearly the product of military training. He has pale skin, like most denizens of Corrialys, though his time spent in the more southerly regions has given him a bit more color than is typical. There are a few scars on his hands and arms, relics from his time at the Academy learning how to handle a blade. His facial features are somewhat sharp, with high cheekbones and a pronounced jaw. His eyes are blue, but not that off putting icy kind - normal blue, medium blue one might say. His platinum blonde hair is cropped close on the sides with a bit more length on top, nothing crazy though - have to remain compliant with the Corrialys Rules of Uniformed Dress (CRUD, as the more rebellious recruits call it). Overall he cuts a very handsome figure, enhanced by his air of pride and confidence. In terms of clothing, Stadwin’s things are on the finer side, reflecting his aristocratic birth and upbringing. They are beginning to wear a bit as he hasn’t really had much of a chance to go on a shopping spree lately. His chain mail is of a quality typical for junior officers in the Corrialys armed forces, but it is very well-kept. When the weather’s particularly cold he wears a thick, dark blue scarf with accents embroidered in fine silver thread. It was the last gift he ever received from his paternal grandmother (Vice Admiral Marralin of the Corrialys Navy), when he was accepted into the Academy. In addition to a pendant he wears under his shirt at all times bearing the sigil of House Silverbrow (a sapphire hawk with wings spread, holding a silver greatsword in its talons), the scarf is one of the only sentimental objects he holds dear.